research/README.md, before:

# Research

Each notebook is some research that was done by player Bayern Ukraine.

- [Kloppy+Mplsoccer](pi_kloppy_mplsoccer.ipynb) - a short overview of Kloppy (a couple of viz with Mlpsoccer), by PI
- [Soccerdata](ms_soccerdata.ipynb) - a short overview of Soccerdata, by MS
- [Statsbombpy](pi_statsbombpy.ipynb) - a short overview how to use Statsbombpy, by PI
- [floodlight](floodlight.ipynb) - an example of floodlight tracking data analysis on handball dataset, by OB
- [Mplsoccer](ob_mplsoccer_statsbomb_euro.ipynb) - statsbomb data extraction + goal plot, by O

### Links:

- [kloppy](https://github.com/PySport/kloppy), [doc](https://kloppy.pysport.org) - python library for getting data from different vendors - events data (statsbomb), tracking data, broadcast data (9 matches)
- [mplsoccer](https://github.com/andrewRowlinson/mplsoccer), [doc](https://mplsoccer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gallery/index.html) - python library for plotting soccer/football charts in Matplotlib and loading StatsBomb open-data
- [soccerplots](https://github.com/Slothfulwave612/soccerplots) - doesn't exist anymore, has been merged with Mplsoccer
- [soccerdata](https://github.com/probberechts/soccerdata), [doc](https://soccerdata.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - a collection of scrapers to gather soccer data from popular websites, including Club Elo, ESPN, FBref, FiveThirtyEight, Football-Data.co.uk, SoFIFA and WhoScored
- [StatsBomb Open Data](https://github.com/statsbomb/open-data/tree/master) - contains open data from [StatsBomb](https://statsbomb.com/what-we-do/hub/free-data/)
- [Statsbombpy](https://github.com/statsbomb/statsbombpy/tree/master) - access to StatsBomb open data through API
- [pysport](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xxafbDDwJKa1-rNfwkFz26i32aStEBiW6RwlCm-NF-4/edit?usp=sharing)- libraries from the [opensource.pysport.org](https://opensource.pysport.org/)
- - [floodlight](https://floodlight.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#) - Python package for streamlined analysis of sports data

Commit message:

Petrov r (#5)
* Update README.md

add codeball abd tyrone_mings

* Add files via upload

* Update README.md

fix link

* Add files via upload

* Rename codeball.ipynb to ri_codeball.ipynb

* Rename ri_codeball.ipynb to rp_codeball.ipynb

* Rename tyrone_mings.ipynb to rp_tyrone_mings.ipynb

* Update README.md

rename links

research/README.md, after:

# Research

Each notebook is some research that was done by player Bayern Ukraine.

- [Kloppy+Mplsoccer](pi_kloppy_mplsoccer.ipynb) - a short overview of Kloppy (a couple of viz with Mlpsoccer), by PI
- [Soccerdata](ms_soccerdata.ipynb) - a short overview of Soccerdata, by MS
- [Statsbombpy](pi_statsbombpy.ipynb) - a short overview how to use Statsbombpy, by PI
- [floodlight](floodlight.ipynb) - an example of floodlight tracking data analysis on handball dataset, by OB
- [Mplsoccer](ob_mplsoccer_statsbomb_euro.ipynb) - statsbomb data extraction + goal plot, by O
- [codeball](rp_codeball.ipynb) - a codeball overview, by RP
- [tyrone_mings](rp_tyrone_mings.ipynb) - a tyrone_mings overview, by RP
### Links:

- [kloppy](https://github.com/PySport/kloppy), [doc](https://kloppy.pysport.org) - python library for getting data from different vendors - events data (statsbomb), tracking data, broadcast data (9 matches)
- [mplsoccer](https://github.com/andrewRowlinson/mplsoccer), [doc](https://mplsoccer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/gallery/index.html) - python library for plotting soccer/football charts in Matplotlib and loading StatsBomb open-data
- [soccerplots](https://github.com/Slothfulwave612/soccerplots) - doesn't exist anymore, has been merged with Mplsoccer
- [soccerdata](https://github.com/probberechts/soccerdata), [doc](https://soccerdata.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - a collection of scrapers to gather soccer data from popular websites, including Club Elo, ESPN, FBref, FiveThirtyEight, Football-Data.co.uk, SoFIFA and WhoScored
- [StatsBomb Open Data](https://github.com/statsbomb/open-data/tree/master) - contains open data from [StatsBomb](https://statsbomb.com/what-we-do/hub/free-data/)
- [Statsbombpy](https://github.com/statsbomb/statsbombpy/tree/master) - access to StatsBomb open data through API
- [pysport](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xxafbDDwJKa1-rNfwkFz26i32aStEBiW6RwlCm-NF-4/edit?usp=sharing)- libraries from the [opensource.pysport.org](https://opensource.pysport.org/)
- - [floodlight](https://floodlight.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#) - Python package for streamlined analysis of sports data
